Mental health in Zimbabwe still has a lot of stigma associated with it.  Those struggling to recover from drug addiction, depression  and anxiety face a lot of discrimination and also the database is not inclusive to provide help for everyone at an affordable cost. As a result, there are more suicide cases than those recorded because of pressure without help on how to manage it.I performed a study to attempt and uncover strategies to improve Zimbabwe's mental health wellness inline with the  SDG 3 and in order to better the current state of affairs. The constantly developing technology industry has a lot of untapped potential that can be utilized. Applications are being created to give people access to mental health care remotely, and the services they offer mimic a hospital helpdesk /clinic reception desk. Machines are being trained to carry out provide answers and  provide responses on the best course of action using artificial intelligence. The researcher planned  to design and create an artificial intelligence digital help assistant  web  application that will offer immediate health services by enabling users to communicate with the virtual doctor through WhatsApp and learn more about mental health. Users will also be able to report the illegal dealing of drugs. The digital help assistant, Mudikani uses artificial intelligence which enhances searching capabilities, while also improving access to mental  healthcare. The cost and length of medical consultations will be greatly reduced by using the application. Mudikani. Ai system that is always accessible and available around-the-clock
